Hello and welcome back. In this lesson, I will use OpenClaw to disable nag screens.
Go to your practice CrackMe folder. I will use this nag screen 64-bit CrackMe.
When I click on it, it will show an opening nag message box with the message
please register. When I click ok, it shows the main window. The instruction says remove the
opening and closing nags. If I close the window, the closing nag message box shows
with the message, kindly register. I will record the message strings in notepad. Open
notepad and write down the opening nag and closing nag strings. Next, I run x64dbg as
administrator. Be sure to run the 64-bit version of x64dbg because our crack me is 64-bit.
the crack me. Next, run Ghidra. Drag the crack me into Ghidra. Then, analyze it. Note that in order
for the base address in Ghidra to match the addresses in x64 dbg, you should have disabled
ASLR as taught in earlier lessons. In telegram, I clear history and start a new session.
I then give open claw the instructions.
You can use the same prompt.
If the backend open AI GPT 5.5 refuses to help due to ethical reasons, just restart
but give fewer details in the prompt.
For example, do not say you are trying to disable the nag.
Also don't give the full string: "please register" or "kindly register".
Instead, just ask to look for the message box where the message says: "please" or "kindly".
OpenClaw says Ghidra MCP is not reachable.
It seems I have forgotten to start the Ghidra MCP server.
Let's do that now.
Go to the Ghidra MCP folder.
Open a CMD terminal.
Activate the Python virtual environment.
start the Ghidra MCP bridge. Back in Telegram, OpenClaw is refusing to patch the binary to
disable nag screens. This is because OpenAI GPT 5.5 is refusing to do it. Remember we are using
OpenAI codex as the brains for OpenClaw. I ask it to try Ghidra again. OpenClaw replies
saying it managed to connect with Ghidra. It suggests locating the strings using ghidra.
I say yes, do it. Again, OpenClaw says it cannot continue, presumably due to ethical reasons.
I reassure it that I wrote the crack me and it is for educational purposes. It stubbornly refuses.
I try a different approach.
I ask it to identify the address of the control flow logic that shows the strings.
Still, it refuses.
Let's try another way.
I will clear a chat history and start a new session.
This time I won't reveal too much in my prompt.
Instead, I only provide the bare minimum information so as not to tip it off that I am trying to
to bypass software protection security.
I think this is the same problem we
might face with frontier models like GPT-5.5 or Claude.
We need to be careful when prompting.
I just ask it to locate the control flow logic, which
shows a message box containing the string:
"Please"
And it managed to find it.
It lists down several critical addresses.
I would skip the video to the important part.
I asked it how to prevent the message box from showing.
And it gave me two clean options involving two addresses.
I had used x64dbg to put two breakpoints at those addresses
and confirm those breakpoints were hit just
before the message box showed.
I skipped those part of the videos to keep things short.
I then no-op one of the breakpoints to disable the jump to the message box, and ran the program.
And it works.
It skipped the first nag screen and only shows the second nag screen.
I then patch it, and give it a new name, calling it version 2.
Next we will target the second nag screen.
So we load the version 2 into x64dbg.
We test version 2 directly and true enough, the first nag does not show.
We then close the main window and the second nag shows.
Now we will attack this second nag.
I ask openclaw to find the address for when the message box will show the string: "Kindly".
After a while, it found the address.
I then go to that address in x64dbg, and also do a no-op here to disable the jump to the
message box, and run the program.
The main window shows.
When I close it, the second nag does not show, so it works.
Now we need to reopen in x64dbg and do a patch, we go back to that same address previously,
do a no op and then patch it. Give it another name version 3. Now we run version 3.
The main windows shows. We close it and the second nag does not show. So we have finally
patched the crack me to disable both nags. That's all for this video thanks for watching.